[3.1] Docs: TreeList OnRowClick and OnRowDoubleClick events (#770)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/treelist/events.md

}
````

### OnRowClick

> The `OnRowClick` event fires as a response to the user clicking on a row of the Grid. Clicking on the `TreeListCommandButton`, select row `CheckBox`, expanding a parent row or when the row is in `edit/insert mode` will not trigger the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `OnRowClick` event fires when the user clicks on a TreeList row. The event does not fire when clicking on:
* `TreeListCommandButton`
* selection `CheckBox`
* expand/collapse button
* row in edit mode
```

> The event handler receives a `TreeListRowClickEventArgs` object which provides the model of the clicked row in the `Item` field that you can cast to your model type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The event handler receives a `TreeListRowClickEventArgs` object. It provides the model of the clicked row in the `Item` field that you can cast to your model type.
```

                EmailAddress = $"{i}@example.com",
                HireDate = DateTime.Now.AddYears(-i)
            }); ;

            for (int j = 1; j < 4; j++)
            {
                int currId = i * 100 + j;
                data.Add(new Employee
                {
                    Id = currId,
                    ParentId = i,
                    Name = $"first level child {j} of {i}",
                    EmailAddress = $"{currId}@example.com",
                    HireDate = DateTime.Now.AddDays(-currId)
                });

                for (int k = 1; k < 3; k++)
                {
                    int nestedId = currId * 1000 + k;
                    data.Add(new Employee
                    {
                        Id = nestedId,
                        ParentId = currId,
                        Name = $"second level child {k} of {i} and {currId}",
                        EmailAddress = $"{nestedId}@example.com",
                        HireDate = DateTime.Now.AddMinutes(-nestedId)
                    }); ;
                }
            }
        }

        return await Task.FromResult(data);
    }
}
````

### OnRowDoubleClick

> The `OnRowDoubleClick` event fires as a response to the user double clicking on a row of the Grid. Clicking on the `GridCommandButton`, select row `CheckBox`, expanding a parent row or when the row is in `edit/insert mode` will not trigger the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `OnRowDoubleClick` event fires when the user double-clicks on a TreeList row. The event does not fire when clicking on:
* `TreeListCommandButton`
* row selection checkbox
* expand/collapse button
* row in edit mode
```

> The event handler receives a `TreeListRowClickEventArgs` object which provides the model of the clicked row in the `Item` field that you can cast to your model type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The event handler receives a `TreeListRowClickEventArgs` object. It provides the model of the clicked row in the `Item` field that you can cast to your model type.
```
